Rework MOD table for PI RSE (#354)
the-teachingRSE-project/competencies: competencies.md

| \gls{DIST}       | Should be able to use package distribution platforms.                                                                         | Same as junior, but should also be familiar with current best practices for building and deploying packages.                          | Should ensure that their project is available via an up-to-date and secure distribution platform.                                                                                   |
| \gls{SWREPOS}    | Should seamlessly interact with the repository of their project.                                                              | Should be well-versed in the intricacies and best practices around working with a repository, and probably interact with repositories of multiple projects.               | Should promote the use of repositories and be able to convey best practices of sharing and reviewing to junior and senior RSEs.                                                                              |

> | \gls{MOD}        | Should have a basic grasp of their piece of the software in order to use basic tools such as a debugger.                      | Should understand the characteristics of large parts of the codebase considering a variety of the metrics.                            | Should have an intricate understanding of the software project and its aims in order to effectively steer it.                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| \gls{MOD}        | Should have a basic grasp of their piece of the software in order to use basic tools such as a debugger.                      | Should understand the characteristics of large parts of the codebase considering a variety of the metrics.                            | Should have a good big-picture understanding of the software project and its aims in order to effectively steer it.                                                                        |
```

concepts or devices can be intricate, I think we are trying say PIs should have a strategic outlook

Author: Yes but a big-picture  understanding can come when you work on the software long enough anyways.

Reviewer: the point is that as a PI you need to do the strategic, big-picture thinking rather than day-to-day development

Author: But iirc we discussed yesterday that an intricate understanding of the project is not necessarily the same as an intricate understanding of every part of the codebase, right?

Reviewer: intricate is not the right word, the word intricate is similar to complex and you can't have complex understanding. you can have intimate understanding of a complex/intricate thing. I am not sure a PI needs to have intimate understanding of the software, that's for the people who are doing the actual work. A PI needs to have a good overview to be able to set the strategy of what should/needs to be done

Reviewer 2: I think I agree in general with the discussion here, although I might be inclined not to say "a good big-picture understanding" as suggested.

The point I that I took issue with in the original text was "_[understanding] the big idea_" because to me, that means for example "_this software is intended to process large numbers of medical images rapidly in order to identify those which may have a high probability of [some particular medical condition]_". I think of that as the "big idea" and I'd assume that anyone writing code on (or just being part of) the project should have understanding at that level.

I felt that a principal RSE / team lead should have much more detailed understanding of a project, even if they don't have low-level knowledge of the code itself. Maybe we could say something like:

"_Should have a detailed understanding of the software project and its aims and potential for impact, in order to effectively steer it._".

I added the impact bit here because I wonder if the aims and impact are more in line with what a potential team/project lead should have in mind?

Reviewer: I think @jcohen02 suggestion is very good. @jcohen02, can you put in an alternative suggestion (to mine) with your changes?

Author: I already added it and added the `Co-authored` line that GitHub would add for a committed suggestion.

> | \gls{MOD}        | Should have a basic grasp of their piece of the software in order to use basic tools such as a debugger.                      | Should understand the characteristics of large parts of the codebase considering a variety of the metrics.                            | Should have an intricate understanding of the software project and its aims in order to effectively steer it.                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| \gls{MOD}        | Should have a basic grasp of the part of the software they are responsible for in order to use basic tools such as a debugger.                      | Should understand the characteristics of large parts of the codebase considering a variety of the metrics.                            | Should have an intricate understanding of the software project and its aims in order to effectively steer it.                                                                        |
```

I think piece doesn't sound quite right

Author: I agree, your suggestion sounds better!
